Add font guide for Tailwind CSS (#2185)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/fonts.md

    }
    ```

> ## Adding fonts using Tailwind CSS
> 
> If you are using the [Tailwind integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/tailwind/), you can follow the below steps to add custom fonts in to your project using Fontsource. 
> 
> 1. Install the required font from Fontsource using the [above method](#using-fontsource)
> 
> 2. Import the font package in the layout or component where you want to use the font. Usually, you will want to do this in a common layout component to make sure the font is available across your site.
> 
>     The following code will import `Inter Variable` font and automatically add the necessary `@font-face` rules needed to set up the font and a fallback with default `Inter` font.
> 
>     ```astro
>     ---
>     // src/layouts/Layout.astro
>     import '@fontsource/inter/variable.css';
>     ---
>     ```
> 
> 3.  Now, open `tailwind.config.cjs` and import the font into your project. The below code will import `Inter Variable` and `Inter` with default fallback fonts from Tailwind CSS.
>     ```js
>     const defaultTheme = require("tailwindcss/defaultTheme");
>     module.exports = {
>       content: ["..."],
>       theme: {
>         extend: {
>           fontFamily: {
>             sans: ["InterVariable", "Inter", ...defaultTheme.fontFamily.sans],
>           },
>         },
>       },
>       plugins: [],
>     };
> 
>     ```
>     
> 4. Now, every sans (default) text in your project will use the above font. Learn more on [Tailwind’s docs on adding custom font families](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/font-family#using-custom-values).  

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
### Using Fontsource with Tailwind CSS

To add custom fonts in to your project using Fontsource when you have the [Tailwind integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/tailwind/) installed, 

1. [Install the font you want from Fontsource] (#using-fontsource) using the method described above.

2.  In `tailwind.config.cjs`,  import the font into your project. This example imports `Inter Variable` and `Inter` with default fallback fonts from Tailwind CSS.
    ```js
    const defaultTheme = require("tailwindcss/defaultTheme");
    module.exports = {
      content: ["..."],
      theme: {
        extend: {
          fontFamily: {
            sans: ["InterVariable", "Inter", ...defaultTheme.fontFamily.sans],
          },
        },
      },
      plugins: [],
    };
    ```
  3. Import the font package in the component where you want to use the font. Usually, you will want to do this in a common layout component to make sure the font is available across your site.

    The following example imports the `Inter Variable` font.  The necessary `@font-face` rules needed to set up the font and a fallback with default `Inter` font are automatically added.

    ```astro title="src/layouts/Layout.astro
    ---
    import '@fontsource/inter/variable.css';
    ---
    ```
  
Now, every sans (default) text in your project will use the the installed font. See [Tailwind’s docs on adding custom font families](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/font-family#using-custom-values) for more information.  
``````
